this is the opinions a show that brings
you a mix of voices from New York Times
opinion you've heard the news here's
what to make of
[Music]
it I'm neari byart and I'm a junior in
high
school on the morning after the election
I walked up the staircase of my school a
pre-teen was crying into the shoulders
of her braces clad peer
her friend was rubbing circles on her
back I continued up the stairs to the
lounge where Upper classmen linger
before classes there I saw two tables
one was filled with my girlfriends many
of them with Hollows of Darkness under
their eyes there was a thick blanket of
Despair over the young women in the room
I looked over to the other table of
teenage boys and saw Minecraft on their
computers while we were gasping for a
breath it seemed that they were
breathing
freely we girls woke up to a country
that would rather elect a man found
liable for sexual abuse than a woman
where the kind of man my mother
instructs me to cross the street to
avoid will be addressed as Mr
President where the body I haven't fully
grown into May no longer be under my
control the boys it seemed to me just
woke up on a Wednesday
what made my skin burn most wasn't that
more than 75 million people voted for
Donald Trump it was that this election
didn't seem to measurably change
anything for the boys around me whether
their parents supported Mr Trump or not
many of them didn't seem to share our
rage our fear our
despair they don't even seem to share
our same fear for the
future I am scared that I will wake up
in an episode of the handmaid's tale I
am scared that Trump's new appointees
will take away or restrict birth control
in Plan B from us the same way they did
abortion I scared that the acne riddled
boys I know will see in a triumphant
boastful Trump the epitome of a manly
man and Mel themselves after him I feel
like I'm at the beginning of a nightmare
I'm scared for the next four years
I was eight the first time Trump was
elected now I am
16 I am still unable to vote but now I'm
so much more aware of what I have to
lose I've seen some of the ways in which
many of the boys in my generation can be
different from their fathers the #me to
movement went mainstream when they were
still wearing Superman
pajamas on Tuesdays in health class they
learn about the dangers of inebriated
consent they don't pretend to gag when a
girl mentions her period or a tampon
falls out of her backpack they don't
find sexist jokes all that funny and
don't often make them in
public I love and care for many of these
boys and have always felt they were on
my side and I'm grateful to my school
for taking gender equality as seriously
as it takes
trigonometry but most of the guys I saw
that Wednesday appeared nonchalant
[Music]
a smiling student shook his friend's
hand and said sarcastically good
election in the same hallway where I saw
a female teacher clutching a damp
tissue why were these boys so
unperturbed I worry that my guy friends
only cared about women until it
conflicted with other more pressing
priorities that morning I spoke with a
male classmate he asked if I was okay I
nearly melted with relief see I knew not
all guys were
ignorant then before I responded he
continued why he wondered are so many
girls
crying I stared I swallowed that
familiar
lump and I had one thought I pray that
my older brother never asks that
question how could my classmate not know
why girls in his grade were biting their
nails and doing breathing exercises in
the all gender bathroom our future is
sliding down the sides of our faces and
he asked me why we are
crying I've never felt that disconnected
from men I've never felt more like a
girl 8 years ago I was too young to feel
the full force of Hillary Clinton's
loss now at 16 I've had the wind knocked
out of me
on Wednesday anger coursed through my
veins but it was diluted by an even
stronger feeling
defeat I saw it in the eyes of women in
my Subway car that morning I saw it in
the Barista at the coffee shop on the
corner the female security guard at my
school and in the face of my history
teacher in a terrible way I've never
felt more part of a Sisterhood or more
certain that pain is shared within that
family I wish the consequences of this
moment for young women punctured the
apparent indifference of so many men and
boys I saw that
day I wish they could breathe in with
the women and girls I know have been
inhaling since November
5th I can't predict how well I'm going
to do on an English test tomorrow and I
definitely can't predict the future from
me and my fellow young women for now all
I can do is tell you how I feel
[Music]
if you like this show follow it on
Spotify apple or wherever you get your
podcasts
this show is produced by Derek Arthur
Sophia Alvarez Boyd Baka derba pheet
Christina samuli and Jillian Weinberger
it's edited by Ki Pitkin Allison brusek
and Annie Rose strer engineering mixing
and original music by Isaac Jones Sonia
Herrero Pat mccusker Carol Sabo and aim
Shapiro additional music by ammen sahota
the fact check team is Kate Sinclair
Mary Marge locker and Michelle
Harris audience strategy by Shannon B
Christina samuli and Adrien Rivera the
executive producer of times opinion
audio is Annie Rose dresser
[Music]